---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_access_control_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policy"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Access Control Policy.
---

# fmc_access_control_policy (Data Source)

This data source can read the Access Control Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_access_control_policy" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `name` (String) The name of the access control policy.

### Read-Only

- `categories` (Attributes List) The ordered list of categories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--categories))
- `default_action` (String) Specifies the default action to take when none of the rules meet the conditions.
- `default_action_id` (String) Default action ID.
- `default_action_intrusion_policy_id` (String) UUID of the existing intrusion policy (e.g. fmc_intrusion_policy.example.id). Cannot be set when policy group action is BLOCK, TRUST, BLOCK_RESET or NETWORK_DISCOVERY.
- `default_action_log_begin` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will log events at the beginning of the connection.
- `default_action_log_end` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will log events at the end of the connection.
- `default_action_send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer.
- `default_action_send_syslog` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will send events to a syslog server.
- `description` (String) Description
- `rules` (Attributes List) The ordered list of rules. Rules must be sorted in the order of the corresponding categories, if they have `category_name`. Uncategorized non-mandatory rules must be below all other rules. The first matching rule is selected. Except for MONITOR rules, the system does not continue to evaluate traffic against additional rules after that traffic matches a rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `categories`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the category.
- `name` (String) User-specified unique string.
- `section` (String) The section of the policy to which the category belongs. Categories must be ordered so that entire section 'mandatory' comes above the section 'default'. If you use inheritance, the mandatory section applies before child policy's own rules, while the default section applies after child policy's own rules.


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) What to do when the conditions defined by the rule are met.
- `category_name` (String) Name of the category that owns this rule (a `name` from `categories` list).
- `description` (String) User-specified string.
- `destination_network_literals` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals))
- `destination_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of the objects that represent destinations of traffic (fmc_network or similar). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the access rule is in effect (true) or not (false). Default is true.
- `file_policy_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) of the File Policy for the rule action.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier (UUID) of the access rule.
- `intrusion_policy_id` (String) Identifier of the fmc_intrusion_policy for the rule action.
- `log_begin` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the beginning of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_begin must be false or absent.
- `log_end` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the end of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_end must be true.
- `log_files` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log file events.
- `name` (String) User-specified unique string.
- `section` (String) The section of the policy to which the rule belongs. Can only be used when the `category_name` is null. Rules must be ordered so that entire section 'mandatory' comes above the section 'default'. Null value means 'default'. If you use inheritance, the mandatory section applies before child policy's own rules, while the default section applies after child policy's own rules.
- `send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, send_events_to_fmc must be true.
- `source_network_literals` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals))
- `source_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of the objects that represent sources of traffic (fmc_network or similar). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.this.id, etc.).
- `type` (String) Type of the object (such as fmc_network.this.type, etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_literals`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.this.id, etc.).
- `type` (String) Type of the object (such as fmc_network.this.type, etc.).
