---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_decryption_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policy"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Decryption Policy.
---

# fmc_decryption_policy (Data Source)

This data source can read the Decryption Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_decryption_policy" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `name` (String) User-created name of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `adaptive_probe` (Boolean) Indicates whether adaptive probing is enabled.
- `block_extensions` (List of Number) Indicates whether extensions are blocked.
- `compressed_session` (String) Indicates whether the session is compressed.
- `decryption_errors` (String) Indicates whether decryption errors are allowed.
- `disallow_untrusted_issuer_resign` (Boolean) Indicates whether untrusted issuers are disallowed.
- `event_log_action` (String) Indicates the default action: PERMIT or DENY.
- `handshake_errors` (String) Indicates whether handshake errors are allowed.
- `log_end` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the end of the connection.
- `policy_action` (String) Indicates the default action: PERMIT or DENY.
- `quic_decryption` (Boolean) Indicates whether QUIC decryption is enabled.
- `send_events` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will send events.
- `session_not_cached` (String) Indicates whether sessions are cached.
- `ssl_v2_session` (String) Indicates whether SSLv2 is enabled.
- `strip_http3` (Boolean) Indicates whether HTTP/3 is stripped.
- `tls13_decryption` (Boolean) Indicates whether TLS 1.3 decryption is enabled.
- `trusted_cas` (Attributes List) List of trusted CAs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trusted_cas))
- `unknown_cipher_suite` (String) Indicates whether unknown cipher suites are allowed.
- `unsupported_cipher_suite` (String) Indicates whether unsupported cipher suites are allowed.

<a id="nestedatt--trusted_cas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trusted_cas`

Read-Only:

- `ca_id` (String) The ID of the trusted CA.
- `ca_name` (String) The name of the trusted CA.
