---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device_ha_pair Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Device"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Device HA Pair.
---

# fmc_device_ha_pair (Data Source)

This data source can read the Device HA Pair.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_device_ha_pair" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `lan_failover_interface_name` (String) Name of physical interface
- `name` (String) The name of the access control policy.
- `stateful_failover_interface_name` (String) Name of physical interface

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) FTD HA PUT operation action. Specifically used for breaking FTD HA or manual switch.
- `enc_key_generation_scheme` (String) Select the encyption key generation scheme.
- `force_break` (Boolean) FTD HA Force Break option (PUT Option).
- `is_encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean field to enable encryption
- `lan_failover_active_ip` (String)
- `lan_failover_interface_id` (String) ID of physical interface.
- `lan_failover_interface_type` (String) Type of physical interface.
- `lan_failover_ipv6_addr` (Boolean)
- `lan_failover_name` (String)
- `lan_failover_standby_ip` (String)
- `lan_failover_subnet_mask` (String)
- `primary_device_id` (String) ID of primary FTD in the HA Pair.
- `secondary_device_id` (String) ID of secondary FTD in the HA Pair.
- `shared_key` (String) Pass the unique shared key if needed.
- `stateful_failover_active_ip` (String)
- `stateful_failover_interface_id` (String) ID of physical interface.
- `stateful_failover_interface_type` (String) Type of physical interface.
- `stateful_failover_ipv6_addr` (Boolean)
- `stateful_failover_name` (String)
- `stateful_failover_standby_ip` (String)
- `stateful_failover_subnet_mask` (String)
- `use_same_link_for_failovers` (Boolean) Boolean field to enable same link for failovers
