---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_network_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Objects"
description: |-
  This plural data source can query a bulk of Network Groups.
---

# fmc_network_groups (Data Source)

This plural data source can query a bulk of Network Groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fmc_network_groups" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  items = {
    "net_group_1" = {
      id = fmc_network_groups.test.items["net_group_1"].id
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id of the object

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `items` (Attributes Map) Map of network groups. The key of the map is the name of the individual Network Group. Renaming Network Groups is not yet implemented. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the managed Network Group.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Optional user-created description.
- `group_names` (Set of String) Set of names (not UUIDs) of child Network Groups. The names must be defined in the same instance of fmc_network_groups resource. This is an auxiliary way to add a child Network Group: the suggested way is to add it inside `objects` by its UUID. Renaming a group contained in `group_names` is not yet implemented.
- `literals` (Attributes Set) Set of literal values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--literals))
- `objects` (Attributes Set) Set of objects (fmc_network, fmc_host, ...). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--objects))
- `overridable` (Boolean) Indicates whether object values can be overridden.

<a id="nestedatt--items--literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.literals`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.objects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.this.id, etc.).
