---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_access_control_policy Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policy"
description: |-
  This resource can manage an Access Control Policy.
---

# fmc_access_control_policy (Resource)

This resource can manage an Access Control Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_access_control_policy" "example" {
  name                              = "POLICY1"
  description                       = "My access control policy"
  default_action                    = "BLOCK"
  default_action_log_begin          = true
  default_action_log_end            = true
  default_action_send_events_to_fmc = true
  default_action_send_syslog        = true
  categories = [
    {
      name = "cat1"
    }
  ]
  rules = [
    {
      action = "ALLOW"
      name   = "rule1"
      source_network_literals = [
        {
          value = "10.1.1.0/24"
        }
      ]
      destination_network_literals = [
        {
          value = "10.2.2.0/24"
        }
      ]
      source_network_objects = [
        {
          id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
          type = "Network"
        }
      ]
      destination_network_objects = [
        {
          id   = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
          type = "Network"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_action` (String) Specifies the default action to take when none of the rules meet the conditions.
  - Choices: `BLOCK`, `TRUST`, `PERMIT`, `NETWORK_DISCOVERY`, `INHERIT_FROM_PARENT`
- `name` (String) The name of the access control policy.

### Optional

- `categories` (Attributes List) The ordered list of categories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--categories))
- `default_action_intrusion_policy_id` (String) UUID of the existing intrusion policy (e.g. fmc_intrusion_policy.example.id). Cannot be set when policy group action is BLOCK, TRUST, BLOCK_RESET or NETWORK_DISCOVERY.
- `default_action_log_begin` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will log events at the beginning of the connection.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_log_end` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will log events at the end of the connection.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_send_syslog` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will send events to a syslog server.
  - Default value: `false`
- `description` (String) Description
- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `rules` (Attributes List) The ordered list of rules. Rules must be sorted in the order of the corresponding categories, if they have `category_name`. Uncategorized non-mandatory rules must be below all other rules. The first matching rule is selected. Except for MONITOR rules, the system does not continue to evaluate traffic against additional rules after that traffic matches a rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `default_action_id` (String) Default action ID.
- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `categories`

Required:

- `name` (String) User-specified unique string.

Optional:

- `section` (String) The section of the policy to which the category belongs. Categories must be ordered so that entire section 'mandatory' comes above the section 'default'. If you use inheritance, the mandatory section applies before child policy's own rules, while the default section applies after child policy's own rules.
  - Choices: `default`, `mandatory`
  - Default value: `default`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the category.


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) What to do when the conditions defined by the rule are met.
  - Choices: `ALLOW`, `TRUST`, `BLOCK`, `MONITOR`, `BLOCK_RESET`, `BLOCK_INTERACTIVE`, `BLOCK_RESET_INTERACTIVE`
- `name` (String) User-specified unique string.

Optional:

- `category_name` (String) Name of the category that owns this rule (a `name` from `categories` list).
- `description` (String) User-specified string.
- `destination_network_literals` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals))
- `destination_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of the objects that represent destinations of traffic (fmc_network or similar). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the access rule is in effect (true) or not (false). Default is true.
  - Default value: `true`
- `file_policy_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) of the File Policy for the rule action.
- `intrusion_policy_id` (String) Identifier of the fmc_intrusion_policy for the rule action.
- `log_begin` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the beginning of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_begin must be false or absent.
  - Default value: `false`
- `log_end` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the end of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_end must be true.
  - Default value: `false`
- `log_files` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log file events.
  - Default value: `false`
- `section` (String) The section of the policy to which the rule belongs. Can only be used when the `category_name` is null. Rules must be ordered so that entire section 'mandatory' comes above the section 'default'. Null value means 'default'. If you use inheritance, the mandatory section applies before child policy's own rules, while the default section applies after child policy's own rules.
  - Choices: `default`, `mandatory`
- `send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, send_events_to_fmc must be true.
  - Default value: `false`
- `source_network_literals` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals))
- `source_network_objects` (Attributes Set) Set of the objects that represent sources of traffic (fmc_network or similar). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier (UUID) of the access rule.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_literals`

Optional:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--destination_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.destination_network_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.this.id, etc.).
- `type` (String) Type of the object (such as fmc_network.this.type, etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_literals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_literals`

Optional:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--source_network_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.source_network_objects`

Optional:

- `id` (String) UUID of the object (such as fmc_network.this.id, etc.).
- `type` (String) Type of the object (such as fmc_network.this.type, etc.).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_access_control_policy.example "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
```
