---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_decryption_policy Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policy"
description: |-
  This resource can manage a Decryption Policy.
---

# fmc_decryption_policy (Resource)

This resource can manage a Decryption Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_decryption_policy" "example" {
  name                             = "decryption_policy_test"
  decryption_errors                = "BLOCK"
  compressed_session               = "INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION"
  ssl_v2_session                   = "INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION"
  unknown_cipher_suite             = "INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION"
  unsupported_cipher_suite         = "INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION"
  session_not_cached               = "INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION"
  handshake_errors                 = "INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION"
  policy_action                    = "DO_NOT_DECRYPT"
  event_log_action                 = "LOG_NONE"
  disallow_untrusted_issuer_resign = true
  strip_http3                      = false
  tls13_decryption                 = false
  quic_decryption                  = false
  adaptive_probe                   = true
  block_extensions                 = [1]
  log_end                          = false
  send_events                      = false
  trusted_cas = [
    {
      ca_name = "Cisco-Trusted-Authorities"
      ca_id   = "d3856136-b65c-49e6-ac4c-0daf5be98bc1"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) User-created name of the resource.

### Optional

- `adaptive_probe` (Boolean) Indicates whether adaptive probing is enabled.
- `block_extensions` (List of Number) Indicates whether extensions are blocked.
- `compressed_session` (String) Indicates whether the session is compressed.
  - Choices: `INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DO_NOT_DECRYPT`, `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`
- `decryption_errors` (String) Indicates whether decryption errors are allowed.
  - Choices: `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`
- `disallow_untrusted_issuer_resign` (Boolean) Indicates whether untrusted issuers are disallowed.
- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `event_log_action` (String) Indicates the default action: PERMIT or DENY.
  - Choices: `LOG_FLOW_END`, `LOG_NONE`
- `handshake_errors` (String) Indicates whether handshake errors are allowed.
  - Choices: `INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DO_NOT_DECRYPT`, `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`
- `log_end` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the end of the connection.
- `policy_action` (String) Indicates the default action: PERMIT or DENY.
  - Choices: `DO_NOT_DECRYPT`, `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`
- `quic_decryption` (Boolean) Indicates whether QUIC decryption is enabled.
- `send_events` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will send events.
- `session_not_cached` (String) Indicates whether sessions are cached.
  - Choices: `INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DO_NOT_DECRYPT`, `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`
- `ssl_v2_session` (String) Indicates whether SSLv2 is enabled.
  - Choices: `INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DO_NOT_DECRYPT`, `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`
- `strip_http3` (Boolean) Indicates whether HTTP/3 is stripped.
- `tls13_decryption` (Boolean) Indicates whether TLS 1.3 decryption is enabled.
- `trusted_cas` (Attributes List) List of trusted CAs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trusted_cas))
- `unknown_cipher_suite` (String) Indicates whether unknown cipher suites are allowed.
  - Choices: `INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DO_NOT_DECRYPT`, `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`
- `unsupported_cipher_suite` (String) Indicates whether unsupported cipher suites are allowed.
  - Choices: `INHERIT_DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DO_NOT_DECRYPT`, `BLOCK`, `BLOCK_WITH_RESET`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--trusted_cas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trusted_cas`

Optional:

- `ca_id` (String) The ID of the trusted CA.
- `ca_name` (String) The name of the trusted CA.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_decryption_policy.example "<id>"
```
