---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_device Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Devices"
description: |-
  This resource can manage a Device.
---

# fmc_device (Resource)

This resource can manage a Device.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_device" "example" {
  name                 = "MyDeviceName1"
  host_name            = "10.0.0.1"
  license_capabilities = ["ESSENTIALS"]
  registration_key     = "key1"
  performance_tier     = "FTDv5"
  snort_engine         = "SNORT3"
  object_group_search  = true
  access_policy_id     = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_policy_id` (String) The UUID of the assigned access control policy. For example `fmc_access_control_policy.example.id`.
- `host_name` (String) Hostname or IP address of the device. Either the host_name or nat_id must be present.
- `license_capabilities` (Set of String) Array of strings representing the license capabilities on the managed device. ESSENTIAL is mandatory
- `name` (String) User-specified name, must be unique.
- `registration_key` (String) Registration Key identical to the one previously configured on the device (`configure manager`).

### Optional

- `device_group_id` (String) ID of the device group.
- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `health_policy_id` (String) The UUID of the assigned Health policy.
- `nat_id` (String) (used for device registration behind NAT) If the device to be registered and the Firepower Management Center are separated by network address translation (NAT), set a unique string identifier.
- `nat_policy_id` (String) The UUID of the assigned NAT policy.
- `object_group_search` (Boolean) Enables Object Group Search
  - Default value: `true`
- `performance_tier` (String) Performance tier for the managed device, applicable only to vFTD devices >=6.8.0.
  - Choices: `FTDv5`, `FTDv10`, `FTDv20`, `FTDv30`, `FTDv50`, `Legacy`
- `prohibit_packet_transfer` (Boolean) Value true prohibits the device from sending packet data with events to the Firepower Management Center. Value false allows the transfer when a certain event is triggered. Not all traffic data is sent; connection events do not include a payload, only connection metadata.
- `snort_engine` (String) Performance tier for the managed device, applicable only to vFTD devices >=6.8.0.
  - Choices: `SNORT2`, `SNORT3`
- `type` (String) Type of the device; this value is always 'Device'.
  - Default value: `Device`

### Read-Only

- `deployed_access_policy_name` (String) Deployed Access Control Policy Name - Informational only.
- `deployed_health_policy_name` (String) Deployed Health Policy Name - Informational only.
- `deployment_status` (String) Shows deployment status - Informational only.
- `ftd_mode` (String) FTD Mode - Informational only.
- `health_message` (String) Health Message of the device - Informational only.
- `health_status` (String) Health Status of the device - Informational only.
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `is_connected` (Boolean) Shows if the device is connected - Informational only.
- `version` (String) Version of the registered device - Informational only.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_device.example "<id>"
```
