---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fmc_prefilter_policy Resource - terraform-provider-fmc"
subcategory: "Policy"
description: |-
  This resource can manage a Prefilter Policy.
---

# fmc_prefilter_policy (Resource)

This resource can manage a Prefilter Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fmc_prefilter_policy" "example" {
  name                              = "POLICY1"
  description                       = "My prefilter policy"
  default_action                    = "BLOCK_TUNNELS"
  default_action_log_begin          = true
  default_action_log_end            = false
  default_action_send_events_to_fmc = true
  default_action_syslog_config_id   = "35e197ca-33a8-11ef-b2d1-d98ae17766e7"
  default_action_snmp_config_id     = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
  rules = [
    {
      action             = "FASTPATH"
      rule_type          = "PREFILTER"
      log_begin          = true
      log_end            = true
      send_events_to_fmc = true
      send_syslog        = true
      syslog_config_id   = "35e197ca-33a8-11ef-b2d1-d98ae17766e7"
      syslog_severity    = "DEBUG"
      snmp_config_id     = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the prefilter policy.

### Optional

- `default_action` (String) Specifies the default action to take when none of the rules meet the conditions.
  - Choices: `BLOCK_TUNNELS`, `ANALYZE_TUNNELS`
- `default_action_log_begin` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will log events at the beginning of the connection.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_log_end` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will log events at the end of the connection.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Indicating whether the device will send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer.
  - Default value: `false`
- `default_action_snmp_config_id` (String) UUID of the SNMP alert. Can be set only when either default_action_log_begin or default_action_log_end is true.
- `default_action_syslog_config_id` (String) UUID of the syslog config. Can be set only when either default_action_log_begin or default_action_log_end is true.
- `description` (String) Description
- `domain` (String) The name of the FMC domain
- `rules` (Attributes List) The ordered list of rules. Rules must be sorted in the order of the corresponding categories, if they have `category_name`. Uncategorized non-mandatory rules must be below all other rules. The first matching rule is selected. Except for MONITOR rules, the system does not continue to evaluate traffic against additional rules after that traffic matches a rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) What to do when the conditions defined by the rule are met.
  - Choices: `FASTPATH`, `ANALYZE`, `BLOCK`
- `rule_type` (String) Indicates whether the rule is prefilter rule or tunnel rule.
  - Choices: `PREFILTER`, `TUNNEL`

Optional:

- `bidirectional` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is bidirectional.
  - Default value: `true`
- `description` (String) User-specified string.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the access rule is in effect (true) or not (false). Default is true.
  - Default value: `true`
- `log_begin` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the beginning of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_begin must be false or absent.
  - Default value: `false`
- `log_end` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will log events at the end of the connection. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, log_end must be true.
  - Default value: `false`
- `send_events_to_fmc` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device will send events to the Firepower Management Center event viewer. If 'MONITOR' action is selected for access rule, send_events_to_fmc must be true.
  - Default value: `false`
- `send_syslog` (Boolean) Indicates whether the alerts associated with the access rule are sent to syslog.
  - Default value: `false`
- `snmp_config_id` (String) UUID of the SNMP alert associated with the access rule. Can be set only when either log_begin or log_end is true.
- `syslog_config_id` (String) UUID of the syslog config. Can be set only when send_syslog is true and either log_begin or log_end is true. If not set, the default policy syslog configuration in Access Control Logging applies.
- `syslog_severity` (String) Override the Severity of syslog alerts.
  - Choices: `ALERT`, `CRIT`, `DEBUG`, `EMERG`, `ERR`, `INFO`, `NOTICE`, `WARNING`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier (UUID) of the prefilter rule.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import fmc_prefilter_policy.example "<id>"
```
